Update Docker instructions in README (#195)
gravitational/docs: README.md

Now run one of the following commands:

- `yarn dev` - will run development server for docs at `localhost:3000/docs` that will autorefresh pages in real time when you edit markdown documents.

>   - If you edit a partial file in `docs/pages/includes`, you will need to stop the dev server and restart it to re-include the partial.

Reviewer: In my experience you could also make another change in the page using the partial to trigger a reload, which would then include the changes to the partial. Not sure if this works for Docker-based setups as well.

While it's certainly not an ideal solution, making a temporary arbitrary change to the parent page is probably less of a burden than restarting the server. If you don't agree, maybe we could list both options.

Author: I've not seen this behaviour working 100% of the time, at least in Docker. I think for now I'll leave the instructions as-is because this PR is approved. I'll submit a further fix if I find that the parent-page-edit method works. Thanks for the tip!

### Previewing changes locally with Docker

To preview local changes you've made to `teleport/docs` with Docker, try this script:

```bash
#!/bin/bash

> DOCKER_IMAGE=node:16-slim

Reviewer 2: The linter currently uses Node v14 in CI: https://github.com/gravitational/docs/blob/5c89232523e366fc79af174028d970a4ac6e53e9/.github/workflows/base.yml#L12

We have an outstanding issue to fix that: https://github.com/gravitational/docs/issues/181

DOCS_PATH=/abs/path/to/gravitational/docs # replace with the path to a git checkout of the gravitational/docs repo
TELEPORT_PATH=/abs/path/to/gravitational/teleport # replace with the path to a git checkout of the gravitational/teleport repo
SEM_VER=11.0 # change this to whatever the latest version is

docker run --rm -ti -v $DOCS_PATH:/src -v $TELEPORT_PATH:/src/content/$SEM_VER -w /src -p 3000:3000 ${DOCKER_IMAGE} yarn dev
```

You will need to have run `git submodule update --init --remote` in the `content` subdirectory of the `gravitational/docs` repo first to make sure that all the

> submodule checkouts of the docs repo are up to date, or you'll get errors like `Error: File /src/content/9.0/docs/config.json does not exists` (sic)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
submodule checkouts of the docs repo are up to date, or you'll get errors like `Error: File /src/content/9.0/docs/config.json does not exist`.
```
Suggesting using the correct grammar so we don't need to edit this README when we finally get around to this.

If you want to make this change part of this PR, the error message is here: https://github.com/gravitational/docs/blob/5c89232523e366fc79af174028d970a4ac6e53e9/server/config-docs.ts#L39

Author: Done

Once things are running properly, you can navigate to http://localhost:3000/docs to view your edits to the docs. Saving changes to a file will live reload the

> page.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
page. If you edit a partial file in `docs/pages/includes`, you will need to stop the dev server and restart it to re-include the partial. 
```

### Previewing changes locally with Docker

To preview local changes you've made to `teleport/docs` with Docker, try this script:

```bash
#!/bin/bash
DOCKER_IMAGE=node:14-slim
DOCS_PATH=/abs/path/to/gravitational/docs # replace with the path to a git checkout of the gravitational/docs repo
TELEPORT_PATH=/abs/path/to/gravitational/teleport # replace with the path to a git checkout of the gravitational/teleport repo
SEM_VER=11.0 # change this to whatever the latest version is

docker run --rm -ti -v $DOCS_PATH:/src -v $TELEPORT_PATH:/src/content/$SEM_VER -w /src --entrypoint=/bin/bash -p 3000:3000 ${DOCKER_IMAGE} -c "npm install && yarn dev"
```

You will need to have run `git submodule update --init --remote` in the `content` subdirectory of the `gravitational/docs` repo first to make sure that all the
submodule checkouts of the docs repo are up to date, or you'll get errors like `Error: File /src/content/9.0/docs/config.json does not exist`

Once things are running properly, you can navigate to http://localhost:3000/docs to view your edits to the docs. Saving changes to a file will live reload the

> page. If you edit a partial file in `docs/pages/includes`, you will need to stop the dev server and restart it to re-include the partial.

Reviewer: See comment above.
